Tue Feb 15 09:14:50 EST 2022
----------------------------
I need to make sure all of these items are signed up for. 

-Slack
Bitbucket
    Need to ask rick what the link is for the Rekor Blue iOS Application.
    Not able to get access until added to the team. 
    Asking Ryan Miller and Jason for access to the Bitbucket account.
    Ryan is the one granting access.
-Shortcut: Tue Feb 15 09:32:10 EST 2022
    Just needed to sign up with email.
    Need to make sure that I am added to the mobile team here.
-Teams 
-Figma: Tue Feb 15 09:27:01 EST 2022
-Revenue Cat

-Apple ID: Tue Feb 15 09:21:10 EST 2022
    On call with Rick about getting that accounts set up.
    ---------- Apple Connect Message
    To access App Store Connect, you must be an individual or team member in the Apple Developer Program, or invited by an individual to access their content in App Store Connect. Learn More
    ----------
    Rick was able to go into apple connect and add me as a developer.
    May need to add more privileges for certificates later on.
-Scout: Tue Feb 15 09:34:15 EST 2022
    Not sure this is correct. 
    It is asking me to purchase an account.
DevOps 
Firebase
    I will wait for rick to do this. 
    Don't want to set up anything in a wrong manner.
    Used for push notifications. 
    Probably don't need an account - rick
-Slab


Looking into the insta360.
This is going to be the device that will mount onto cars and allow for continuous checking of license plates.

Justin Holzman - QA iOS 
Justin Gent - Junior Android 

Testing Austrian plates 
Portiat mode

SAP Concur
This is for expenses with travel. 

Rick wants me to work with the object resizing when the phone orientation is flipped.

First I am going to look into how the device knows that the application is in horizontal mode. 
It seems that swiftui doesn't have anything like that built in natively so one will have to add the code to do it. 

License plate Regex? 

Within the Mapmodel we should be getting the initial location from the users location. 

I will  make a separate application doing what I would like it to do. 

Application is great and simple.

I also made a small application to implements biometric authentication. 
Now that I have made those I will go and read the documentation for it. 

The steps are as follows: 
import LocalAuthentication library
create a LAContext (Local Authentication Context)
create a NSrror instance to save all of the possible error codes.  
    I still don't fully understand this. 
    I feel like I will need to understand objective C more to understand it. 
use that context and execute one of its methods called evaluatePolicy.
This takes in a LAPolicy (Local Authentication Policy) 
A string for the reason for getting the policy. 
A @escaping reply. 
    I don't understand what this does at all. 
    Will have to look it up.
